[docs]Describe file upload procedure (#5525)
DevExpress/testcafe: docs/articles/documentation/guides/basic-guides/interact-with-the-page.md

## Upload Files

Actions that allow you to manipulate the state of file upload input elements:

* [t.setFilesToUpload](../../reference/test-api/testcontroller/setfilestoupload.md)
* [t.clearUpload](../../reference/test-api/testcontroller/clearupload.md)

> Use the [t.setFilesToUpload](../../reference/test-api/testcontroller/setfilestoupload.md) action to populate the input with the files you want to upload. If your application sends files as soon as you populate the field, the upload occurs when you call this action. Otherwise, begin the upload manually (for example, [click](../../reference/test-api/testcontroller/click.md) the submit button).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [t.setFilesToUpload](../../reference/test-api/testcontroller/setfilestoupload.md) action to populate the input with the files you want to upload. If your application sends files as soon as you populate the field, the upload occurs when you call this action. Otherwise, you will have to begin the upload manually (for example, [click](../../reference/test-api/testcontroller/click.md) the submit button).
```

Use the [t.clearUpload](../../reference/test-api/testcontroller/clearupload.md) action to clear the list of files to upload.

> See the [Test File Upload](../../recipes/basics/test-file-upload.md) recipe for more details.

Reviewer: recipe?

Author: Yes. That's a section we have on our website
https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/recipes/

Reviewer: ok

> > The t.setFilesToUpload action only works with `<input type="file">` HTML elements because browser uses these elements for file upload.

Reviewer 2: Okay, so now I'm paying attention to grammar 😄 

> because browser uses these elements for file upload

`browsers use` / `the browser uses`

Author: >  The t.setFilesToUpload action only works with `<input type="file">` HTML elements because browsers uses these elements for file upload.

> > The t.setFilesToUpload action only works with `<input type="file">` HTML elements because browsers use these elements for file upload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The t.setFilesToUpload action only works with `<input type="file">` HTML elements, because browsers use these elements to upload files.
```

## Upload Files

Actions that allow you to manipulate the state of file upload input elements:

* [t.setFilesToUpload](../../reference/test-api/testcontroller/setfilestoupload.md)
* [t.clearUpload](../../reference/test-api/testcontroller/clearupload.md)

Use the [t.setFilesToUpload](../../reference/test-api/testcontroller/setfilestoupload.md) action to populate the input with the files you want to upload. If your application sends files as soon as you populate the field, the upload occurs when you call this action. Otherwise, begin the upload manually (for example, [click](../../reference/test-api/testcontroller/click.md) the submit button).

Use the [t.clearUpload](../../reference/test-api/testcontroller/clearupload.md) action to clear the list of files to upload.

See the [Test File Upload](../../recipes/basics/test-file-upload.md) recipe for more details.

> > The t.setFilesToUpload action only works with `<input type="file">` HTML elements because browser uses these elements for file upload.

Reviewer 3: Remove the one of duplicate sentences.

Author: edited

## Upload Files

> Actions that allow you to interact with file upload input elements:

Reviewer 3: `interact` is bad word in this case. It implies some visual cooperation.
Also, the phrase that I should avoid native browser dialogs confused me.
Remark for '> See the [Test File Upload]' is very important and it may get lost.

I propose such text:
```js
Actions that allow you to manipulate the state of file upload input elements:

[t.setFilesToUpload](../../reference/test-api/testcontroller/setfilestoupload.md)
[t.clearUpload](../../reference/test-api/testcontroller/clearupload.md)

Use the [t.setFilesToUpload](../../reference/test-api/testcontroller/setfilestoupload.md) action to populate the input with the files you want to upload. If your application sends files as soon as you populate the field, the upload occurs when you call the action. Otherwise, your should initiate the upload manually (for example [click](../../reference/test-api/testcontroller/click.md) the button responsible for file submit).

Use the [t.clearUpload](../../reference/test-api/testcontroller/clearupload.md) action to clear the list files to upload.

See the [Test File Upload](../../recipes/basics/test-file-upload.md) recipe for more details.

> The t.setFilesToUpload action only works with `<input type="file">` elements because only these HTML elements are used by browser for choosing files to upload.

```

> TestCafe can't test native browser dialogs, including those during files selection. This section describes how to prevent these dialogs and select files for upload.

Reviewer 3: I propose the describe the differences between `native` file upload and file upload with TestCafe.

```js
Customer upload files in the following ways:
* click on the 'Choose File' button that opens the native 'Choose file' dialog
* select the files
* initiate the upload 

Since TestCafe cannot access to the native browser dialog, it uses a custom way to manipulate with a list of uploaded files. You need to locate the 'input type=file' element that contains the list files to upload. In the case of custom upload control, you may use browser dev tools. Construct the selector points to 'input type=upload' element. 

After that call the `setFileToUpload` with a selector to the target input element and list files to upload as arguments.

Note, you don't need to call 'click' action to open the native 'Choose file' dialog or handle it with 'setNativeDialogHandler'. TestCafe set list files to upload without it.

The method `clearFileToUpload` clean up the target input in case if you are not necessary to upload file during test execution.

If you specify the wrong element for 'setFilesToUpload', 'cleanFilesToUpload' action the 'The specified selector does not match a file input element' error message will show.  In case you need to ensure that you specify the correct selector to the input type=upload
```

Author: We've discussed this with Vasily and decided that we do need to distinguish between the usual way and TestCafe way of uploading the files. A verbose explanation is necessary, would be too long for the `docs` section. 

I want to describe it in Recipes->Basics and see how it plays out.

Author: I've added this to the new recipe

> TestCafe can't test native browser dialogs, including those during files selection. This section describes how to prevent these dialogs and select files for upload.

Reviewer 2: 1) Let's put this to a `### Prevent File Select Dialog` subsection after the example, can we?
2) How about phrasing these two sentences without starting  right away with `TestCafe cannot`: 

```
This section describes how to prevent file select dialogs and specify files for upload in code.

You must suppress file select dialogs because TestCafe cannot close them or otherwise interact with them.

...
```

Author: edited

Use the [t.setFilesToUpload](../../reference/test-api/testcontroller/setfilestoupload.md) action to populate the input with files you want to upload. If your application sends files as soon as you populate the field, the upload occurs when you call the action. Otherwise, [click](../../reference/test-api/testcontroller/click.md) the button responsible for file submit (for example, **Upload** or **Submit**).

> The t.setFilesToUpload action only works with `<input type="file">` elements. To upload files with TestCafe, the webpage has to use such an element for file upload.
>
> During tests, do not click the button that prompts the user to select files- this causes the test to fail.

Use the [t.clearUpload](../../reference/test-api/testcontroller/clearupload.md) action to clear the field if necessary.

> Actions that allow you to interact with file upload input elements:

Reviewer 2: Please bring the action list and example to the beginning to maintain consistency with other subsections.

Author: done
